The big boss just promoted Todd to the head of the entire department.
Everyone in the office is mad about it.
You need to earn a promotion. Todd didn't earn anything.
As The Department Head, he has to show the Big Boss big ideas.


Todd did nothing but stolen our idea.

All the employees enjoy working on the project.
Her husband works in the marketing group.

I work in an office.
I work at an international company.
I work on the Software Project.
I work as an IT Engineer.
I'm an IT Engineer.

I sit at a desk in the middle of the office.
If you do well at work for two year, you can earn a promotion.
The employee who is the head of the department is named Holly.


Why aren't you upset about Todd's promotion.
Because I think positively.
You design beautifully.
You build carefully.
And I market brilliantly.
She works quickly

The smart scientist brilliantly found the anwser to the problem.
Margaret says thinging positively helps her stay happy even when it is hard.
Put your cup on the table carefully or it is going to break.


No one rings up ministers to ask if they are secretly attracted to women.
Let's talk quietly, because I don't want Peter to hear.

I don't know if he seriously wanted lunch or if he was joking.

Allan, I have a good news, I am the head of the Marketing now.
Oh Woo! You got promotion.
Yes, It is wonderful, but I don't why I got promoeted.
You earned the promotion! You work quickly and you market brillianty.
Thank Allan, Peter is upset about my promotion.
Nobody likes Peter, He yelled and talks loudly.
I agree. He is mad because you are going to get promotion. I think you will be the head of design soon.
Really? Do you think I'm going to get promotion?
Yes I do. You design beautifully.
Thank you! I am going to work hard. I have an idea.
You already have an idea?! You work quickly.
Let's talk quietly, because I don't want Peter to hear.

Paused to reflect

Some people told me that robot will replace human in the futher.
HEHE
I think it's impossible!!!
The Robot can't understands girl's thought.
Does any girl want to be in love with a robot???
If you say so , I am going to say that's amazing!!!!


Robot will replace human that is impossible!
The Robot can't understands woman's thought.
Women are always unreasonable...


What're your next steps!
If you encounter me , i am going to make you to be a box!
You just can live in this battle ground for few seconds,
It is because I am a genius！！！

like doing
like to do
prefer doing
prefer to do

I like using my cumputer to look up things online.
but I prefer using a pencil and paper to draw my ideas.
They have software to draw on computers now.
My computer has virus.




































